Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Joyce!
Yo.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm all right.
Joyce!
Should I go and call her. sir?
No. no.
Okay.
-Thank you.
-Yes. sir.
You know…
…I was starting to think
that nobody loves me around here anymore.
Just a moment. Hmm?
Come. Come sit down.
Sit down. my love.
There we go.
Perfect.
Mmm.
Mm-hmm.
Gesh.
Did Jonasi do this?
Yeah. it was Jonasi.
As if what he did wasn't enough.
your brother went
and froze all of my accounts.
I can't even buy myself
a fucking bottle of wine.
When last have you and I had breakfast?
Just the two of us?
I'm not hungry.
Uh-uh.
We can't waste food.
So much effort has been put in by Ntombi.
Joyce.
I was thinking…
we need to reignite our spark. you know?
Because it's on fire. hotter than ever.
Let's bring joy back into this home.
Bring light.
Hmm?
Do you remember
the conversations we used to have
and you said you wanted
to renovate here. in our kitchen?
Now's the time.
Let's do that. my love.
The two of us.
J and J.
Relax. I got you some groceries.
This is Essie's allowance.
but don't worry.
I'll sort it out myself.
Until you two fix things. Okay?
Thank you.
But I don't think your brother and I
will ever be okay after what he did to me.
Oh.
Give me your hand.
Jonasi
wanted to kill me.
Jonasi wanted to end me. Magesh.
I'll never forget that.
I chose the wrong brother. didn't I?
Hello. hello. hello. Sarafina
Guess what I have for you?
I don't know.
Ta-da!
-Uncle! No ways!
-Uh-huh.
Thank you.
I don't want you to embarrass me
walking around campus with an old laptop.
I have bought you the best.
You want them to know
exactly who they're dealing with.
-They must respect you.
-Yes.
Never let them breathe.
They must respect you.
Uh. Sarah. it looks like
I have to get back to work.
Please don't leave yet. Uncle.
Why's that?
The thing is
I don't know how this laptop works.
Please help me set it up and get it going.
Okay. okay. okay.
But this needs to be quick. Very quick.
Okay. thank you. Let me tidy up.
All right.
Yep. Let's have a look.
Aha!
Baby girl. there you have it. All done.
I love it. Thank you so much.
Good. But there's only one thing
I need from you.
Distinctions.
You must pass. okay?
I worked hard to get this for you.
I promise you'll be proud of me.
I don't doubt that.
Good.
Ah.
I want to thank you
for loving me and seeing me
and for everything you do for me.
My child. you make it so easy to love you.
You're a very good and respectful child.
Thank you.
What are you doing?
-Damn it!
-Hey. come on. man.
-You're getting sand in my eyes.
-Then go stand over there.
-You're crazy.
-You'll see. I'll get you.
You're even missing.
Hey. you idiots.
what are doing over there?
Ah. he's full of it.
Yes. boss.
Sorry about that.
We were just clearing up the area.
What are you doing? Stop throwing stones.
Do you know who you're fucking talking to?
-And who are you?
-Huh?
-Menzi. Wait.
-Wait. Don't stop me. Don't stop me.
-You know who you're talking to?
-Who?
Do you know Menzi Gomora?
-Hey. guys. Seriously. stop it.
-I'm gonna slap you. man.
I said don't stop me.
Who you calling an idiot?
Hey. hey. man! Have you lost it?
What's wrong with you?
-So you wanna fight me? Get out of my way.
-Wait. Menzi!
-You wanna fight? Oh. you wanna fight!
-Menzi!
Hey. you two!
What do you think you're doing?
Hey. stop it!
Hey. man! What is going on with you boys?
What's wrong?
-Get your hands off me!
-Why are you hitting him? I'll slap you.
I'll fuck you up. do you hear me. stupid?
-Get the fuck out of my face.
-I'll fuck you up!
And you. what the hell is your problem?
Don't be asking some dumb shit.
Damn. They so slow.
I might as well drink my own pee. Wow.
Why the long face? What's going on?
You said it was urgent.
Something happened. Essie.
What?
Happened to who?
-To Jonasi?
-Mm-mmm.
What happened?
It's Sarah.
Oh. please. don't tell me she went
and embarrassed me with Joyce again.
I don't think
I can handle something like that again.
No. no.
It's not that.
What did she do?
Would you just spit it out?
Hey. What are you doing?
What's this shit you're doing?
Piss off!
Oh. this child.
I thought I was raising a child.
but I'm raising a slut.
Ooh! These kids are going to kill me.
I'm telling you. diabetes won't kill me.
these kids will.
She makes Jezebel look innocent.
But trying to kiss you?
You're like her father!
That's like trying to kiss Jonasi.
That's it. That's it.
That's where the problem starts.
You and Jonasi.
The two of you need to talk to her.
She's acting out now because of you two.
Goodness me.
-I just got a headache. Oh.
-Ma'am. I'm sorry it took so long.
Why you so damn slow. man?
Just bring something stronger.
This is useless.
Damn it!
What now?
Please can you come home?
Please. Sarah needs you.
What is it?
Ah. I can't talk about this
over the phone.
I'll explain when you're here.
Okay. I'll come.
Jonasi. it's important. Please come.
I'm being sincere.
I said I'm coming.
Okay.
Wow.
Aren't you so cute? Hey?
So sweet. So sweet.
Yeah.
Not yet tainted
by the ugliness of this world.
Yeah.
Joyce.
What happened to your eye?
-Ntombi.
-Ma'am?
Come here. please.
-Listen.
-Yes. ma'am.
Please take the babies.
Okay. Okay.
Let's go with Auntie.
Please take them to the playroom
and sit with them in there.
-Yes. ma'am.
-Okay.
Let's go. Let's go with Auntie.
I'm sorry. my babies.
Oh. sorry. my girls.
Come. Come. my girls.
Joyce.
First time he's done something like this
since I've known him.
I don't know. Matipa. he just changed.
He turned into an animal.
It's like he was possessed.
Matipa.
Oh. no.
Jonasi did all of this?
He did it with his belt buckle.
And the more I cried. the harder he hit.
You should go to the hospital.
And get a doctor and get a checkup.
Matipa. you're badly hurt.
I don't want to go to the hospital.
Joyce. there's no doctor who can fix
what Jonasi has done to me.
Joyce.
Um…
Can I leave Ashley and Hayley with you?
I need to. um. run a few errands.
That's fine.
I told you this is their home.
I'll take care of them.
I sent Auntie away.
That's understandable.
I'll see you later.
Okay.
Knock-knock.
Joyce.
You said it's urgent.
-Magesh.
-Hmm?
I've known you for years now.
And in all those years.
you're always defending your brother.
protecting him.
hiding things from me.
Do you want someone to die?
What needs to happen after this?
Do you want me to die? Or Matipa?
Magesh.
What kind of a man are you?
Jonasi? Where are you?
You said you'd be here two hours ago.
I've been waiting for you.
Sarah also needs you.
Please call me.
You should be here by now. Please.
-Let's go.
-To where. Mom? What going on?
-Tell me.
-Let's go.
-Mom.
-Sarah. come.
Brother.
Speak to me. Manzini ancestors.
Hey. talk to me. Manzini ancestors.
What's going on?
When I look at this.
I see a family full of challenges.
Here. There it is.
What's going on here?
Hmm?
What's all this?
-You're leaving. Jonasi.
-Excuse me?
It's over between us.
Nothing's over. This is my house.
They also mention secrets.
Then all of these family secrets
eventually affect you. my child.
Because you are giving love to someone
who doesn't care about you.
Brother. can you see
how disrespectful she is?
-Move. Joyce.
-This is what I'm talking about.
Listen here.
You've hurt her enough.
-You've abused this woman.
-Excuse me?
You heard me.
Leave.
That's it.
It's true. Makos.
I also think
that's where the main problem lies.
That's why we need your help.
to remove this curse
and to remove this dark cloud upon her.
-Ay.
-We agree.
From what I see. the bones are saying.
"Mm-mmm. there's no curse. Mama."
The only problem is that
her father continues to neglect her.
Are you sleeping with my wife?
Don't tell me shit.
I'm not talking shit.
You're sleeping with my wife.
Piss off.
-Who are you pushing? Who are you pushing?
-Who do you think you are?
I'll show you.
Hey. hey. hey. Brother. let go of me!
-I said let me go. Brother.
-Get out.
-Brother. we both--
-We've had enough.
-It's enough.
-Brother. let me go. Brother.
-You're hurting me.
-Piss off.
Get out of here. you asshole.
What are you doing?
What's going to help you. my child.
is if you focus solely on your own life.
You'll never get the apology you desire
from your father.
I'm done defending you.
-That's enough.
-You'll regret this. You hear me?
-You disrespectful--
-You're going to regret this.
-What are you doing?
-Just piss off.
What are you doing?
You two need me. You need me.
-You're nothing without me.
-Just leave!
Joyce. what are you doing?
Brother?
Piss off. Jonasi.
You're locking me out of my own house?
Piss off.
Oh. you know. sometimes I think perhaps
I wasn't meant to have kids
because I'm a terrible mother.
Mm-mmm. Mm-mmm.
Don't talk like that. my love.
You are a great mother.
MaQwabe.
Go and tell Freedom to come get my--
Where have you been?
What's going on here?
Are you cheating on me. MaQwabe?
-Wow! Don't disrespect me.
-I'm disrespecting you?
How many times have I called you?
You ain't answering!
What did you think was going to happen?
Listen. Jonasi.
this thing needs to be fed.
-Huh?
-When you out there sleeping around.
who's fulfilling my needs. huh?
A few strokes from this boy
and you're talking to me like that?
You're shouting at me?
He gives me amazing strokes.
I'll smack you.
Hey. hey. hey.
Boy--
You heard what she said. right?
So get the fuck out of this house.
Leave. Go back to Joyce.
-Thank you. baby.
-Are you okay. my love?
Mom. what's wrong?
Ntombi told me to come here.
She said it was urgent.
Yeah.
What happened to you?
Uh. it's nothing.
You're the one I'm worried about here.
Your father left this house today.
I kicked him out of this house for good.
What?
Ma. we both know what's going on here.
He's going to come back
and ask for forgiveness
and you'll comply and do what he says.
-Mm-mmm.
-And you're gonna allow it.
That won't happen again.
Never.
Too much has happened. Menzi.
I hear you. Mom.
We'll be okay.
-Oh. Ma'am…
-Hmm?
Where is their mother?
I want to prepare Nkazi for bed.
Wow.
Wait. Shouldn't Matipa be back
by now already?
She said she'd be gone only a few hours
and took the whole day?
Oh. don't cry.
Come to your brother.
Come to your brother. okay?
Goodness.
Hi. this is Matipa.
I'm not available right now.
Please leave a message.
Her phone goes straight to voicemail. Wow.
Wait.
-Here's your brother. brother. brother.
-Please bring her to me.
We still have their formula. right?
Yes. we do. ma'am.
-Prepare it.
-Hello. baby.
I'll check if they have enough diapers.
Babies. doesn't your mother know
she should be back by now?
Honestly. doesn't she know that as soon as
the sun sets. babies want their mother?
-Hmm?
-Don't cry. okay?
-Uh. ma'am.
-Hello. baby.
-Hmm?
-There's a letter here addressed to you.
Addressed to me?
I think it's from their mother.
-Give it to me.
-Okay.
-Huh. "Dear Joyce."
-Hmm?
"After everything that's happened
between myself and Jonasi.
I don't ever want to see him again."
I've decided to rebuild my life.
-And start over.
-"And start over.
But…"
But I'm not able to do that
with my children.
Oh. wow.
-Please take care of them.
-"Please take care of them."
I know they'll be safe in your hands.
I'm sorry for everything. Matipa.
Okay. Don't cry. don't cry.
Matipa.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm